update RBAC for OnCall documentation (#80828)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/administration/roles-and-permissions/access-control/rbac-fixed-basic-role-definitions/index.md

You can enable feature toggles through configuration file or environment variables. See configuration [docs]({{< relref "../../../../setup-grafana/configure-grafana/#feature_toggles" >}}) for details.
{{% /admonition %}}

> If you are using [Grafana OnCall](https://grafana.com/docs/oncall/latest/get-started/), you can try out the integration between Grafana OnCall and RBAC. For a detailed list of the available OnCall RBAC roles, see the table in the Grafana
> OnCall documentation [here](https://grafana.com/docs/oncall/latest/user-and-team-management/#available-grafana-oncall-rbac-roles--granted-actions).

Reviewer: - Semantic line breaks for better line based diffing in the GitHub UI in the future. (https://sembr.org)
- Prefer "refer to" over "see" (https://github.com/grafana/writers-toolkit/blob/main/vale/Grafana/ReferTo.yml#L3)
- Avoid generic reference "here" (Available Grafana OnCall RBAC roles + granted actions)

```suggestion
If you are using [Grafana OnCall](https://grafana.com/docs/oncall/latest/get-started/), you can try out the integration between Grafana OnCall and RBAC.
For a detailed list of the available OnCall RBAC roles, refer the table in [Available Grafana OnCall RBAC roles and granted actions](https://grafana.com/docs/oncall/latest/user-and-team-management/#available-grafana-oncall-rbac-roles--granted-actions).
```

Author: thanks for the tips @jdbaldry! 🙏

Reviewer: No problemo! I'll get the Vale linter to do this automatically for us soon :)

Thanks for incorporating the feedback!
